doc: Add description about enable_apache_arrow for configure (#1383)
groonga/groonga: doc/source/install/others.rst

support even if Apache Arrow is installed on the system.

Here is an example that enables the Apache Arrow support explicitly.

.. code-block:: console

   % ./configure --enable-apache-arrow

.. note::

   If you install Apache Arrow into a non-standard directory, you need to specify the :ref:`install-others-configure-pkg-config-path` option.

.. _install-others-configure-pkg-config-path:

``PKG_CONFIG_PATH=PATHS``
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

Adds search paths of ``.pc`` files for ``pkg-config``.

You can specify multiple paths using ``:`` to separating.

Groonga uses ``pkg-config`` to find external libraries.

``pkg-config`` is a tool that collects flags and paths required for using
external libraries from ``.pc`` files.

When using libraries installed via a package manager, you do not need
to specify this parameter because ``.pc`` files for the libraries are in
the default search paths of ``pkg-config``.

When using manual built libraries, you need to specify ``.pc`` file paths 
of those libraries by this parameter.

You can use ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` as an environment variable, but we recommend
to use it as a ``configure`` parameter because of the following reason.

> ``configure.ac`` generates ``configure``. And when ``make`` detects that

Reviewer: ``configure`` is generated from ``configure.ac`` by GNU Autotools.

Author: Fixed.

``configure.ac`` has changed, ``make`` automatically regenerates ``configure``
and re-executes it. If you specify ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` as a ``configure`` 
parameter, ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` is specified automatically when ``configure`` 
is re-executed. On the other hand, if you specify ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` as an 
environment variable, ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` is not specified automatically.

Here is an example how to specify a ``.pc`` file path for 
``/tmp/local/lib/pkgconfig/arrow.pc``.

.. code-block:: console

>    % ./configure PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/tmp/local/lib/pkgconfig/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ ./configure PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/tmp/local/lib/pkgconfig/
```

Does Pygments accept `%` as prompt? If yes, I'm OK with `%`.

FYI: Rouge that is used by Jekyll accepts only `$` for prompt.

Author: Maybe accepted.
I couldn't find any documents about whether we can use `%` but I didn't get any warning about it and it seems to be displayed correctly.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15982708/188802574-a9b0edee-4494-4d23-b18d-5b0ae346bfc2.png)

Reviewer: Note: `$`, `#` and `%` are supported: https://github.com/pygments/pygments/blob/2.13.0/pygments/lexers/shell.py#L234

Shows all ``configure`` options.

``--enable-apache-arrow``
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

> Enables Apache Arrow features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables Apache Arrow support. You can use not only Apache Arrow IPC streaming format output but also multithreading processing that is used in :ref:`select-n-workers` and :doc:`/reference/functions/query_parallel_or` with Apache Arrow support.
```

Oh... I don't have a document about Apache Arrow IPC stream format output in https://groonga.org/en/docs/reference/command/output_format.html ...

> The default is ``auto``. The features are enabled if Apache Arrow 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default is ``auto``. The feature is enabled if Apache Arrow 
```

is installed on the system, otherwise disabled.

> When you specify this parameter expressly, you should install Apache

Reviewer: explicitly?

```suggestion
When you specify this parameter explicitly, you must install Apache
```

Author: expresslyとexplicitlyの意味がとても似ているので、どちらを使うべきか悩んでいます。
こういったパラメータを指定する場合についてはexplicitlyの方が一般的でしょうか？

@yoshimotoyuk 

どう思いますか？

Reviewer: 私はexpresslyという単語は初めて見ました。

私はexplicitlyとimplicitlyを対で使っているのをよく見ます。（し、私もそうしています。）

Author: > 私はexplicitlyとimplicitlyを対で使っているのをよく見ます。（し、私もそうしています。）

なるほど！であればexplicitlyの方がふさわしそうですので、explicitlyに直しました！

Reviewer 2: Explicitlyとimplicitlyは「明示的に（記述する）」という感じで、記述の場合はexplicitlyだと思います。

Expresslyは「（表現や指示のアクションについて）明示的に」ということだと思います。

（辞書を見た結果）

Author: なるほど、ありがとうございます！

Arrow on the system beforehand.

> You can install Apache Arrow according to official installation procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install Apache Arrow according to `the official installation procedure <https://arrow.apache.org/install/>`__.
```

> Groonga requires either ``libarrow-dev`` or ``arrow-devel`` depending on the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Groonga requires ``libarrow-dev`` on Debian based system or ``arrow-devel`` on Red Hat Enterprise Linux based system.
```

`Install Apache Arrow <https://arrow.apache.org/install/>`_

Here is an example that enables Apache Arrow features expressly::

  % ./configure --enable-apache-arrow

.. note::

   If you install Apache Arrow manually, use the :ref:`install-others-configure-pkg-config-path` option.

``--disable-apache-arrow``
++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Disables Apache Arrow features.

The default is ``false``.

When this parameter is specified, Groonga disables Apache Arrow 
features even if Apache Arrow is install on the system.

Here is an example that disables Apache Arrow features::

  % ./configure --disable-apache-arrow

.. _install-others-configure-pkg-config-path:

``PKG_CONFIG_PATH=PATHS``
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

> Adds search paths of ``.pc`` files for ``pkg-config``.

Reviewer: Can you add an explanation that we can specify multiple paths by separating them with `:`?

Author: Sure, I will add it.

Author: Added.

> Groonga uses ``pkg-config`` to use external libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Groonga uses ``pkg-config`` to find external libraries.
```

> ``pkg-config`` is a tool that sets flags and paths required for using
> external libraries by simply preparing ``.pc`` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``pkg-config`` is a tool that collects flags and paths required for using
external libraries from ``.pc`` files.
```

When using libraries installed via a package manager, you do not need
to specify this parameter because ``.pc`` files for the libraries are in
the default search paths of ``pkg-config``.

When you use manual built libraries, you need to specify ``.pc`` file paths 

> of the libraries for this parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of these libraries by this parameter.
```

Author: I feel like `those` or `the` is more suitable for this sentence than `these`.

Author: so I will fix this sentence to `those libraries by this parameter.`.

You can use ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` as an environment variable, but we recommend
to use it as a ``configure`` parameter because of the following reason.

``configure.ac`` generates ``configure``. And when ``make`` detects that
``configure.ac`` has changed, ``make`` automatically regenerates ``configure``
and re-executes it. If you specify ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` as a ``configure`` 
parameter, ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` is specified automatically when ``configure`` 
is re-executed. On the other hand, if you specify ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` as an 
environment variable, ``PKG_CONFIG_PATH`` is not specified automatically.

Here is an example that specifies a ``.pc`` file path for 

> ``/tmp/local/lib/hoge/pkgconfig/hoge.pc``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``/tmp/local/lib/pkgconfig/arrow.pc``::
```

>   % ./configure PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/tmp/local/lib/hoge/pkgconfig/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  % ./configure PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/tmp/local/lib/pkgconfig/
```

Shows all ``configure`` options.

``--enable-apache-arrow``
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

Enables Apache Arrow support.

In addition to using Apache Arrow IPC streaming format output, you can also use
multithreading processing that is used in :ref:`select-n-workers` and
:doc:`/reference/functions/query_parallel_or` with the Apache Arrow support.

> The default is ``auto``. The Apache Arrow support is enabled if Apache Arrow 

Reviewer: `--enable-apache-arrow`も`--disable-apache-arrow`も指定しなかった場合が`auto`であって、`--enable-apache-arrow=yes`とか`--enable-apache-arrow=no`（これは`--disable-apache-arrow`と同じ）じゃなくて`--enable-apache-arrow`を指定した場合が`auto`というわけじゃないんですよねぇ。

`--enable-apache-arrow`と`--disable-apache-arrow`を1つのセクションにして一緒に説明したほうがいいかも。。。

Reviewer: ちなみに、なにも指定しなかったときと`--enable-apache-arrow=auto`が同じ挙動になります。

is installed on the system, otherwise disabled.

When you specify this parameter explicitly, you must install Apache
Arrow on the system beforehand.

You can install Apache Arrow following to `the official installation procedure <https://arrow.apache.org/install/>`_.
Groonga requires ``libarrow-dev`` on a Debian based system or ``arrow-devel`` on a Red Hat Enterprise Linux based system.

Here is an example that enables the Apache Arrow support explicitly::

  % ./configure --enable-apache-arrow

.. note::

>    If you install Apache Arrow manually, you need to the :ref:`install-others-configure-pkg-config-path` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you install Apache Arrow into non-standard directory, you need to specify the :ref:`install-others-configure-pkg-config-path` option.
```

Author: Fixed
